feat: add new builders for metadata migration check (#1732)
AmadeusITGroup/otter: docs/cms-adapters/CMS_ADAPTERS.md

__Note:__ This options will not search for the duplicate configurations in libraries.

> #### How to check breaking changes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### How to check for breaking changes
```

> Version after version, it can be verified that any breaking changes has been introduced,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Version after version, it can be verified whether any breaking changes have been introduced, or if there is any metadata provided to document it.
```

or if some the metadata to document it is provided.

> For that, you just have to setup the following builder like this in your `angular.json`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To achieve this, simply configure the following builder in your `angular.json` file as shown below.
```

},
```

#### How to check breaking changes

Version after version, it can be verified that any breaking changes has been introduced,
or if some the metadata to document it is provided.

> For that, you just have to setup the following builder like this in your `angular.json`

Reviewer: As above, we should reconsider the wording.

  ...
}
```

## How to check for breaking changes on metadata

Version after version, it can be verified whether any breaking changes have been introduced, or if there is any metadata provided to document it.
To achieve this, simply configure the following builder in your `angular.json` file as shown below.

```json5
{
  // ...,
  "projects": {
    // ...,
    "<project-name>": {
      // ...,
      "architect": {
        "check-config-migration-metadata": {
          "builder": "@o3r/components:check-config-migration-metadata",
          "options": {
            "migrationDataPath": "./MIGRATION-*.json", // Required
            "granularity": "major", // Default value is minor
            "allowBreakingChanges": true, // Default value is false

>             "packageManager": "npm", // If not provided, it will be computed

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
            "packageManager": "npm", // If not provided, it will be determined based on the repository architecture
```

            "metadataPath": "./component.config.metadata.json" // Default value
          }
        },
        "check-style-migration-metadata": {
          "builder": "@o3r/styling:check-style-migration-metadata",
          "options": {

>             "migrationDataPath": "./MIGRATION-*.json"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
            "migrationDataPath": "./MIGRATION-*.json" // Required
```

          }
        },
        "check-localization-migration-metadata": {
          "builder": "@o3r/localization:check-localization-migration-metadata",
          "options": {

>             "migrationDataPath": "./MIGRATION-*.json"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
            "migrationDataPath": "./MIGRATION-*.json" // Required
```
